all_stat                all_stat
any_join_datf           any_join_datf
appndr                  appndr
better_match            better_match
can_be_num              can_be_num
closer_ptrn             closer_ptrn
closer_ptrn_adv         closer_ptrn_adv
clusterizer_v           clusterizer_v
colins_datf             colins_datf
converter_date          converter_date
converter_format        converter_format
cost_and_taxes          cost_and_taxes
cut_v                   v_to_datf
data_gen                data_gen
data_meshup             data_meshup
date_addr               date_addr
date_converter_reverse
                        date_converter_reverse
dcr_untl                dcr_untl
dcr_val                 dcr_val
diff_datf               diff_datf
equalizer_v             equalizer_v
extrt_only_v            extrt_only_v
fillr                   fillr
fixer_nest_v            fixer_nest_v
fold_rec                fold_rec
fold_rec2               fold_rec2
format_date             format_date
geo_min                 geo_min
get_rec                 get_rec
globe                   globe
groupr_datf             groupr_datf
id_keepr                id_keepr_datf
incr_fillr              incr_fillr
insert_datf             edm1 insert_datf
inter_max               inter_max
inter_min               inter_min
is_divisible            is_divisible
isnt_divisible          isnt_divisible
leap_yr                 bsx_year
letter_to_nb            letter_to_nb
list_files              list_files
lst_flatnr              lst_flatnr
multitud                multitud
nb_to_letter            nb_to_letter
nest_v                  nest_v
nestr_datf1             nestr_datf1
nestr_datf2             nestr_datf2
new_ordered             new_ordered
non_unique              non_unique
occu                    occu
paste_datf              paste_datf
pattern_generator       pattern_generator
pattern_gettr           pattern_gettr
pattern_tuning          pattern_tuning
ptrn_switchr            ptrn_switchr
ptrn_twkr               ptrn_twkr
r_print                 r_print
rearangr_v              rearangr_v
regroupr                regroupr
save_untl               save_untl
see_datf                see_datf
see_file                see_file
see_idx                 see_idx
see_inside              see_inside
str_remove_untl         str_remove_untl
unique_datf             unique_datf
unique_ltr_from_v       unique_ltr_from_v
unique_pos              unique_pos
until_stnl              until_stnl
val_replacer            val_replacer
vec_in_datf             vec_in_datf
vector_replacor         vector_replacor
vlookup_datf            vlookup_datf
wider_datf              wider_datf
